Vizigrep
========
Graphical file contents search tool using regular expressions.

Copyright: Jason J. Herne (hernejj@gmail.com)

Vizigrep is a graphical user interface for performing fast and powerful searches
inside a group of files.  Simply tell Vizigrep which folder you want to search
and what you want to search for and it will quickly find all occurrences of your
search string within the files and folders you have selected.  The search
results are annotated to show you the lines containing your search term and
color coding is used to help you quickly lock your eyes on to what you are
searching for. If simple search strings are not powerful enough Vizigrep also
understands regular expressions.

Starting Vizigrep
-------------------
If you installed Vizigrep you should be able to simply execute the 'vizigrep'
command or start vizigrep from your desktop's application menu.

If you have cloned the Git repository and would like to run vizigrep from the
cloned copy simply run 'python vizigrep'.  The folder containing the code must
be your current working directory for this to work.

Navigation
------------
Vizigrep is very intuitively navigated using only the mouse.  Simply choose a 
folder to search, type your search string and then click the Search button. Once
the results are displayed you can click on the name of a file to open it in your
chosen text editor.

At your option you may also carry out searches using the keyboard.  Simply use
the tab key to move the input focus (the keyboard cursor) between the three main
controls: "folder entry", "search string entry", and the "search results".

If you've used the tab key to focus the search results you will see a keyboard
cursor appear within the results.  Hitting enter while the cursor is over one of
the filenames will open that file in your chosen text editor.  You may also hold
down the Shift key and use the arrow keys to select and copy a portion of the
results.

A new search Tab can be created via keyboard shortcut Ctrl+T.
A search Tab can be closed via keyboard shortcut Ctrl+W.

License
-------------
This application is released under the GNU General Public License v2. A full
copy of the license can be found in copyright.txt or here:
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/old-licenses/gpl-2.0.txt
Thank you for using free software!

