.TH vizigrep "1" "february 2016" "vizigrep-1.1" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
vizigrep \- Graphical file contents search tool using regular expressions.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vizigrep
.SH DESCRIPTION
Vizigrep is a graphical user interface for performing fast and powerful searches
inside a group of files.  Simply tell Vizigrep which folder you want to search
and what you want to search for and it will quickly find all occurrences of your
search string within the files and folders you have selected.  The search
results are annotated to show you the lines containing your search term and
color coding is used to help you quickly lock your eyes on to what you are
searching for. If simple search strings are not powerful enough Vizigrep also
understands regular expressions.
.sp
.SH Navigation
Vizigrep is very intuitively navigated using only the mouse.  Simply choose a 
folder to search, type your search string and then click the Search button. Once
the results are displayed you can click on the name of a file to open it in your
chosen text editor.
.sp
At your option you may also carry out searches using the keyboard.  Simply use
the tab key to move the input focus (the keyboard cursor) between the three main
controls: "folder entry", "search string entry", and the "search results".
.sp
If you've used the tab key to focus the search results you will see a keyboard
cursor appear within the results.  Hitting enter while the cursor is over one of
the filenames will open that file in your chosen text editor.  You may also hold
down the Shift key and use the arrow keys to select and copy a portion of the
results.
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright \(co 2016 Jason J. Herne
License GPLv2: GNU GPL version 2 <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
.br
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
